In this lecture we're going to be learning about the micro service registry which is an important component
required in micro services architecture in order to be able to support dynamic scaling.
It will micro Service wants to send a request to another.
It must be able to be aware of the available instances of the microwaves and their network location.
Ideally the number of instances of each micro service may be scale dynamically adjust to changes in
load.
In order for this to be possible other services that use the micro service must be able to handle these
changes in order to solve this problem.
You can introduce a service register component that holds a database of the currently available instances
for each micro service and their network location will not talk about how the micro service registry
keeps track of the available instances for a micro service when a micro service instance starts up it
registers itself with the service registry which will add this micro servicing instance to its database.
Similarly when the micro service instance shots done it sends a request to the registry which will remove
the micro service instance from its database of available instances took all their cases where the micro
service instance may fail unexpectedly and so may not send the call to the service registry to remove
itself as it should on normal service shut down can introduce a health check API on each microbus instance
that the service registry can use to ensure that each micro service instance registered with it will
be available.
It's currently active.
We'll discuss the culture API in Surtur detail in future Nectars when a micro service is required.
Bissette of research study Squitti to find the available instances of this Microcircuits and their network
locations.
Although Microcircuits mintage Solms registration and removal from the service registry Escanaba seen
here it's possible for this to be handled by a separate registrar service that handles this functionality
for all micro services in this system.
This would offload responsibility from the macro service and centralize this to the registrar.
However this of course adds another component to the managed in the system.